#Tips for the loading screen
#Thanks to 0lafe, boubou19, chochem, interestingusernam3, glowredman, GTNH-Afx237v7, leagris, Lewissaber, Nvidiot, Regian24, richardhendricks, yukieiji and others for tip suggestions
#
#Maximal characters for a tip: 77 (more can go out of the screen)
#The line below, including the "#" are 77 chars
#Adventurer's backpack? Did you mean integrated crafting grid, bed and fluid
#
Got a question? Join our Discord server: discord.gg/wtNVzeE5QB
You can bind the quests menu to a key, instead of using the book
Be sure to check out what you can do with Mouse Tweaks
Build multiblocks within the same chunk!
Try the Midnight Theme for the questbook
Literally flint and steel!
Adventurer's backpack: integrated crafting grid, bed and fluid storage
Beware of pollution!
Found a bug? Report it on GitHub or Discord
You can bookmark items with NEI ("a" by default)
It's NEI, not JEI. Use it frequently.
Your pick is not ready
Also try GT:NH!
Put the "Mine" back in Minecraft
Don't go out at night!
Abandon all vanilla knowledge all ye who enter here
Sometimes it's better to flee than fight some mobs
Sometimes the best combat strategy is "Nigerundayooo!"
You can power machines by putting a batteries in their energy slots
Be prepared to take hours to build a single multiblock machine!
Oil + Thunder = Fire.
It's aluminIum, not aluminum
Press F7 to see spots where mobs can spawn!
Press F9 to see chunk borders!
Microcrafting is love, microcrafting is life
If you're making a Project Red system, make sure to use a wall of drawers!
How many circuits have you crafted in your life?
XAERO's WORLD MAP: PRESS[M]
sqrt(-1) loves you!
(MultiMC > Curse) && (Technic > Curse): true
All you had to do was tho follow the damn quest line, CJ!
Click on an item in the quest book to show its recipe in NEI
Why not visit Nuclear Tech? We have... nuclear bombs
If it's too tedious you're doing it wrong
Do you also watch your oven while baking food?
There's always something else you can do while waiting
Use F3 + S to reload the sound if it's gone
Life's all about opening issues, not closing them - Rongmario
Visit r/feedthemems!
I WANT ROCKET I WANT MOON - St4o
Hello @Bufka2011 why did you copied our (GTNH) rules :kekwhat:
Did you already crafted AE2 system?
Press O to hide NEI overlay
Also try GregTech: New Horizons!
3.6 Roentegen?
Factory Must Grow!
Did you tried Schematica?
There is a swarm ahead!
Beware of glyphids
Hydrogen Bomb VS Coughing Baby
Say hello to DreamMaster from Bufka2011!
What? Warden is a hard boss? Pff... Martian Invasion Ship
This is not a bug, this is an anomaly!
Did you already got tantalium?
Too hard? Well, get outta here
ZIRNOX going brrrrrr
Oh no, ZIRNOX going BOOOOOM
PotatOS is funny :D
Did you checked graphics settings?
How many RAM do you have? 6GB fo NT:NH is perfect!
Wdym you lost all your inventory?
Historically accurate! Maybe...
50% scientific accurate!
How about to share this modpack with your friends?
The freaking meteorite landed INSIDE our rock cave!
Yaaay, pollution! >:D
Oh no, pollution. :(
Do you have radiation protection with you?
Be sure to check out if there is a new update!
The best way to process ore is Acidizer + Centrifuge
Crystallized ore gives you 2 ingots when smelting
NTM's Electric Furnaces are must!
Don't mine coal without breathing protection
Number One Asbestos Fan
You can use ingots from different mods in crafting
She was Nuclear on my Tech until I New Horizons
Did you already automated food production?
It's automated, not automized
Don't forget to feed your cat!
Minecraft loading can take a while
World loading can take a while
It's better to pregen your world
You can suggest your ideas on NTNH's GitHub repo
You need help with NTM? Find SavageVegeta on YouTube!
Do you know math? You'll need it
2 idiots 1 reactor
Night is REALLY scary!
OMGWTF NUCLEAR CREEPER
Pain-In-The-Ass modpack!
Hello Mellow!
Hello HBMTheBobcat!
Hello DreamMaster!
Hello JamesH2!
Hello everyone!
Explore structures like antennas for early resources  
Build multiple furnaces to speed up alloy production  
Sirens are doing UUUUUUUUUAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU
Monitor reactor temperature to prevent meltdowns  
Use control rods to adjust RBMK output  
Ensure cooling systems are functional  
Check reactors for radiation leaks  
Always wear hazmat suits near radioactive materials  
Carry a Geiger counter to measure radiation levels  
Store radioactive items in lead crates
Craft bombs and missiles for defense
Turrets are doing RATATATATATA
Brother. The darkness is coming.
Use HE to RF converters!
Use RF to HE converters!  
Search abandoned structures for rare components  
Follow the questline
Check the mod’s wiki for detailed information  
Join the NTNH Discord for community support  
Experiment with machine upgrades to increase efficiency 
Account for pollution mechanics — they impact gameplay  
Control soot emissions to avoid issues  
Use soot towers to reduce pollution  
Monitor heavy metal output from processes  
Learn how pollution affects Glyphids and plan accordingly  
Integrate with OpenComputers for automation 
Use fire extinguishers for explosion fires  
Craft armor and tools from advanced materials like desh  
Be cautious with powerful weapons — they’re game-changers  
Have fun and experiment — NTM offers endless possibilities
Creepers are TERRIFYING
Also try S.T.A.L.K.E.R. Anomaly GAMMA!
Also try Factorio!
NTM: Extended Edition is awfully contentless
Call your mom, make her happy
There's meteors. Build a roof.
The blast furnace extension increases speed
Don't want to use buckets for water? Use an infinite barrel instead
Iron furnaces are more fuel efficient, and don't burn while idle
Shred wheat to triple your bread
how many breads have you eaten
Dyson swarm units decay faster the more of them there are
Clay is valuable in space!
Don't land at Y=63 on Moho, Laythe, or Eve!
Friendly fire will not be tolerated!
Craft flippers to swim faster
Press F1 for help
Bricked furnaces smelt construction materials faster
Standard boilers may explode when running full
Unlike standart boilers, industrial boilers will stop when full
Is your RBMK leaking radiation? Use cover panels
Flow control pumps can be used to change fluid distribution priority
Pneumatic pipes move items instantly, and through unloaded chunks
Fans are activated by redstone and push entities around
Don't set the microwave to the highest setting
Fractioning towers connect vertically, stacking them increases throughout
Fullerite too difficult? Make fine soot with a pyrolysis oven
Exploration pays off. Who knows what you'll find
Feeling sick? Check for nearby asbestos
Need a lot of fuel early on? The nether is full of flaming coal
Get a gun.
Alexandrite needs explosives to be mined
Don't forget your AE2 wireless terminal!
NTM reactors need LOVE (and coolant)
Gravity Gun: physics-defying fun!
Craft a Geiger counter ASAP!
NEI recipe lookup: hover + R
Don't anger the Endermen
AE2 autocrafting is mandatory.
Infernal Mobs hit HARD
Sometimes, I dream about cheese.
Press F1 for help.
Standard boilers may explode when running full.
Fluids can be voided with a drainage pipe.
Drainage pipe may not be too good for the environment, though.
No, you can't upgrade a damaged pickaxe.
Foundry casts can be removed with a screwdriver.
It's all about the game
Don't forget to clone your orbital station drive!
Orbital station can't make a trip? Add more engines!
CO2 scrubbers and algae films can recover O2 continuously in orbit.
You only need one air vent for breathing unaided.
You can survive in as little as 0.1atm of pure O2.
Occasionally Heavy Boots are great in low gravity.
Craft flippers to swim faster.
